MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 MetaNote Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

## Third-Party Services Notice

This software integrates with OpenAI's API services. Use of OpenAI's services
is subject to OpenAI's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy:
- Terms of Use: https://openai.com/policies/terms-of-use
- Privacy Policy: https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy

Users are responsible for complying with OpenAI's usage policies and any
associated costs for API usage.

## Data Privacy Notice

This application may send user-inputted text to OpenAI for analysis. Users
should not input sensitive, personal, or confidential information. The
developers of this software are not responsible for data processed by
third-party services.

Local data storage and processing are handled in accordance with best
practices, but users should be aware that absolute security cannot be
guaranteed.